I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Queen
Peppa and her family are watching television.
And now a special message from the queen.
The queen! The queen!
This is the queen.
Hello to all!
Hello Queen!
Today I have decided to give an award
to the hardest working person in the country.
I wonder who that will be.
It certainly won't be you, Darling!
The hardest working person
in the country is Miss Rabbit.
Miss Rabbit runs the ice-cream store,
the recycling center, the library, Shhhh!
She drives the train, the fire engine,
flies a rescue helicopter
and works the supermarket check-out.
Phew! What a long day!
Surprise!
Ah, what are you all doing here?
Miss Rabbit,
I have a very special letter for you.
Open it!
Miss Rabbit,
please come to my palace
to get a medal for all your hard work.
Bring friends.
All the best!
The Queen.
Miss Rabbit has fainted.
I can't visit the Queen.
I've got too much work to do.
Relax! No one will be working that day.
The Queen has made it a holiday.
Hooray!
It is the day Miss Rabbit visits the Queen.
Peppa and her friends are going too.
We're off to see the Queen.
We're off  to see the Queen.
ee-ye-yo dio
Here we are!
This is the Queen's Palace.
Hello! Is anybody there?
Look at all the fusty stuff!
Don't touch anything!
Oops!
What a big house!
Lots of room for a Queen to kick a ball about.
Where is the Queen?
Queen? Queen? Where are you?
Hello! Have you seen the Queen today?
She's an old lady with a crown on her head.
I am the Queen.
Miss Rabbit has fainted again.
Hello, Mrs. Queen!
Why aren't you wearing a crown?
I don't wear it much,
because it's very heavy.
Are you the boss of all the world?
Not quite.
Do you tell people what to do?
Sometimes.
Can you make teachers disappear?
Oh, so many question!
The children are very excited to meet you,
Your Majesty!
I'm excited to meet all of you!
And now, for Miss Rabbit's medal!
This is the Queen's award for industry!
Thank you!
Keep up the good work.
Three cheers for Miss Rabbit!
Hip, hip!
Hooray!
Hip! Hip! Hip!
Now for the party!
To the garden.
You've got a lovely big garden,
Your Majesty!
Do you play in it all the time?
I don't have much time for playing. No.
That's sad.
Oh, dear! A muddy puddle!
Never mind, we can walk around it.
You cann't walk around a muddy puddle!
No?
No! You have to jump in it.
Oh, I see. That does look fun.
Here one goes then.
Stop!
Ah?
If you jump in muddy puddles,
you must wear your boots, Your Majesty!
Oh dear! The Queen is not wearing her boots.
Wee!!!
The Queen loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.